Our second demo will be the servlet integration example.
So something just a little bit more realistic than coding in a main method.
Again,
we'll implement the same servlet that we've used for the
other consuming APIs so you can compare them.
This servlet either approves or denies a loan application from a customer.
So,
we've got the basic same servlet outline as we saw with the
previous servlet-related examples where we have a method where
we're going to take an input request, we're going to parse out some JSON,
and we are going to check whether we're going to
approve or deny the loan in question.
But this time,
we're going to just extract the totalIncome and the amount from the
requested JSON posted to us rather than parsing the whole document and
then pulling those two values out of the document.
So, let's start off, again, by creating a JsonFactory.
Then we need to create a JsonParser.
And this time we're going to use the InputStream of the
source document to create the parser.
Now,
we need to have our loop over the tokens that the parser is
going to extract from us from the input.
So this is going to be the same format as we saw before.
Check the token is not equal to null and create a local variable for that token.
Now when we're in the token,
we want to get the currentName of the token in question and we're
going to check if the currentName is not null.
And we're only going to look at a couple of numeric tokens.
So we can filter this down a little bit more efficiently by saying look,
is the token a numeric token?
So that means, is it a kind of number.
Then we can do a quick switch on the name.
So, there are a couple of different things here.
We had a field called annualIncome and that is what we're going to do.
So that's the annual income for a given job,
so we need to add that into the totalIncome field.
So take totalIncome and += to praser.
getDoubleValue.
For each of the types you have, there are different get blah,
blah,
blah values that you can call on the parser to extract the value in question.
Then we're going to break out of the case statement.
So we're also going to add a case here for the amount
that the person wants to borrow.
So the field name for that is amount.
And there's only one so we can just do assignment here rather than addition.
So again,
we're going to get the DoubleValue for the amount because it
could be a floating point number potentially.
Then we're going to break out of that switch statement.
Okay.
And, now the total of the income and the amount will be in those fields.
And,
the servlet can check the responses and apply the
business logic based upon those values.
So we've avoided constructing a whole in-memory representation of this
JSON document to where we only needed two fields.
So now we've finished coding this servlet example,
let's just test that it works.
Starting at the servlet,
and I'm going to flip over to this console view where like before,
we have our post-bank-loan script that sends its first argument and
posts it to the servlet that's running locally.
So let's post our regular loan document.
We can see that loan was approved.
And if we take the bad_loan document, we can see that was denied.
And our bad_loan document had no jobs on so there was no income.
And the good loan document had three different jobs
on so there was plenty of income. Lovely stuff.